# University-Management-System
Project submission:

* This is a demo-version of University Management System.
  *
* A lot more option can be added, like archives, scholarships, schedules and many more.
  (for those it's only lacking one table and a couple additional columns)
  *
  
* Login method must be improved - like saving user data(persons ID),
at this stage of knowledge we didn't manage to do that
  *

* Also big point is database/password safety from sql-injections, we fixed it on login,
but some blind spots in other methods left.
  *
  
* Since our system is quite strict we haven't done new user registration form.
In this case it's unnecessary, so we wrote unique username generation method,
  and password is generated by randomizer. It could be changed, and we have method for it,
  but since we haven't managed option of saving ID on login - it's available only through 
  admin panel.
  *
  
* It was fun to work on, but lack of experience will be noticed on the code, 
but we managed to handle software crashes on missclick while choosing an option.
  By the way, best option for "option choice" on such software(without interface) is to do add
  key-press variant, not key-then-enter, yet still at this point we haven't done this.
  *
  
* We used private database server, and database won't be available after submission, but we have 
extracted our database to *.cvs files, so you can recreate it locally
  *
  
#Thanks

#I want to thank my group-mates to make it happen;
#Thank Accenture team for this experience;
# And special thanks goes to our mentor Uche for guiding us through!